well we start with breaking news out of
Gaza City where at least four
Palestinians have been killed by an
Israeli air
[Applause]
strike at least 20 others are injured a
number of them in critical condition the
Israeli military targeted a heavily
populated area where Palestinians were
gathering to use an internet access
point casualties are expected to rise
well Han Mahmud is in D outside Al AA
Hospital joins us now from there take us
through first of all the aftermath of
this latest series of air
strikes well Sammy the the past hour has
been fall of much evolving events in the
Northern Area not only we're looking at
an incident where a group of people on
alal street trying to connect to the
internet very close to an access point
uh were targeted by a missile fired by a
drone uh three people so far transferred
to a uh Al Baptist Hospital pronounced
it right away there five more with the
critical injuries are in the hospital
there's a rest given the insufficient
medical staff the incapa inability of
the hospital to intervene and provide
proper medical uh is support for them
there's a risk that they going to lose
their life but what's really more
shocking right now is the deliberate
attacks in a group of journalists in
jabalia these are the journalists who
are have been covering and documenting
the uh for the past few weeks what's
going on in the northern part more
recently in jabalia refugee camp we we
are informed by a civil defense that the
there was a deliberate attack by the
artillery Shilling and by the by drones
missiles fired by drones and a group of
journalists as well as an ambulance
vehicle was in the area was also
targeted the reports talk about uh the
the the civilian casualties including
the journalist as well as the ambulance
driver and his assistant and a nurse
inside the vehicle the events are
evolving into much dramatic scene right
now where there's more of an
indiscriminate attack going on at the S
at the side of evacuation centers these
are a group of schools in jabalia
refugee camp uh where hundreds of
families have been Sheltering inside uh
these uh schools these are evacuation
centers operated and managed by Honor
the United Nations for Palestinians
refugees and more people are trapped
inside these centers unable to leave
those who managed to leave they actually
managed to get away from the area under
heavy fires by machine guns and by
attack drones that kept chasing them out
of out of jabalia refugee camp it's
important to point out jabalia refugee
camp is the the most densely refugee
camp across the Gaza Strip we're talking
about a two square kilom where at least
120,000 people live inside this refugee
camp the vast majority of them have been
displaced in this war and have been in
and out of the refug camp depending on
the military operations the area but
this time the Israeli military seem to
be adamant to push deeper into the
center of the refugee camp pushing more
people into enforce displacement as well
as causing this talking level of
Destruction as we were told by civil
defense crew on the ground remaining
public facilities residential buildings
are destroyed or severely damaged by the
Israeli
military Hy also videos are emerging
from Palestinian groups what do they
tell us about the fighting and the
battles which are
raging yes well both in in jabalia and
the northern part and Rafa City it
reports of the extreme confrontation
between Palestinian fighting groups and
and isra milit and it's invading forces
on the ground in ra we're looking at
reports and footage of the Palestinian f
r conducting these Street to Street and
building to building uh combat uh SP
clashes with the Israeli military uh
just taking advantage of what what of
the the Maze of rubbles that created by
the shocking level of Destruction in the
area and and helping Palestinians
finding groups in maneuvering in the
area similar situation in in jabalia as
well where the Israeli military stating
in a in a in said in a statement that
they have been targeting infrastructure
and stronghold for Hamas but at the same
time we're looking at this comeback of
the of Palestinian uh fighting groups
and pushing against the Israeli tanks
and armed vehicles in the area there
were earlier reports of at least 12
Israeli soldiers that were killed in an
ambush this has not been verified by or
haven't been verified by the Israeli
military yet the statement talks about
group of of soldier who were injured in
in jabalia as well as more of them in in
ra
City all right thanks so much hany
Mahmud
there make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer